[Music]
so rich we talked about some basic rail
setups but we just all of a sudden got a
lot more stuff on the desk what's going
on here yeah well this all fits in one
bag believe it or not but it is a bag
that will hold everything I need for
shooting time-lapse so I actually took
the system out into valley of fire
recently put it through the trial by
fire and it held up well I shot for 10
days on this slider and it worked
fantastic so I wanted to walk through
the process but you mentioned motorized
yeah there's a couple of different
motors here and why do I have multiple
motors Rob well you're going to have
different torque for what you're
depending on what you're trying to do if
you're you know doing time-lapse you
might have one motor with a little less
work so you can kind of move stop move
stop and have some memory involve there
or if you're doing video where you want
constant motion you're gonna have a
better with a little bit more to work on
it and the thing about sort of motorized
sliders in my opinion that's kind of
where it's at I mean yeah you can do the
hand manual movement or you can do the
hand crank or pushing it but when it
comes to a nice constant movement you're
not going to get better than motorized
and as you step up through the various
or of calibers of motorized sliders
you're going to get a whole lot a whole
lot of options not just from the
movement left and right obviously that's
what motive really comes in but you're
gonna get motorized panning heads things
of that nature that really give you for
time lapse and video work just an
immense amount of flexibility and sort
of uniqueness to your shots we nailed it
Rob we're going to build out a three
axis system here where there's three
different types of movement the ability
to go side to side the ability to pan
and the ability to tilt but once you go
ahead and attach that motor at that end
and so this is just a sort of adapter
that attaches to the rod and this is the
actual motor itself and you can see I
actually have some other motors here
yeah this works pretty easily ones the
video 11 is the one that does shoot step
move which is essential when putting
together something for time-lapse
productions where you want those micro
movements this is the time-lapse motor
he's attaching which is going to have a
lot of ability to do a very small
movement which is great now that's
attached and you see there rub how
they're sort of holes on the side yep
this is the gear teeth just like you saw
in the Kessler so
once you take that through and loop it
around and on the other side I've just
got a geared wheel here so that can make
a complete loop so I'll just take that
and attach it down here always a good
idea to lightly tighten not overtighten
anything firm but not locked because you
want to be able to take the system apart
now in this case there is another unit
that sort of falls in between this is
going to hold this Abel thing together
yeah so I just take this and attach it
to the unit there's a thread on the
bottom let me turn that around so it's
facing the camera so they could see it
normally I would put it on my side so is
easier to see and I thread that down and
this just creates a channel for this to
go through so if we take the belt we
could pass that through and just make
sure you don't twist it or get it turned
around yeah yeah there we go and I loop
that around and then I'll slide this
down here and connect so there's
essentially a geared system here Rob I
just stick that yep so it's connected
and just tighten it down tighten it down
and it locks it in place then you do the
exact same thing on the other side yep
and we'll just feed that through I could
take this back online now I got to be
careful here notice I actually fed too
much in initially so you want to sort of
split the balance get that on there in
both cases so I'll lock the one down it
is possible to feed it in too far yeah
and get it so one side locks and then
the other side and you want this pretty
snug you don't want to really go over
yeah if you have too much slack in there
it's obviously going to not work all
that well and pull and you get some
bouncing around yeah a lot of times
we're going to actually set the slider
up at an incline going up a system so if
there's too much play in here it could
actually slip so it's a good idea to get
that belt nice and tight now once you've
done that don't pull this because you
actually have a motor here and you could
strip it so leave it in place call that
good now we've got that built we got the
motor we got this I think the next thing
is to attach the controller that'll put
it all into play